Document GraphQL API's new support for arrays of primitives (#10356)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/analytics/graphql-api/features/nested-structures/index.md

## Arrays

The GraphQL API supports two different sorts of arrays:

> - Some arrays contain scalar types (e.g. `[String]`) and function like ordinary fields that [can be filtered](/analytics/graphql-api/features/filtering/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some arrays contain scalar types (for example, `[String]`) and function like ordinary fields that [can be filtered](/analytics/graphql-api/features/filtering/)
```

> - Some arrays contain more complex types (e.g. `[Subrequest]`.) The following section describes their behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some arrays contain more complex types (for example, `[Subrequest]`.) The following section describes their behaviour.
```
